README.md, before:

![BOOT CAMP](images/image-for-readme.png)

# Ear_buds_Submission_1
 
Earbuds Sbmission 1 is all about to make our 3D earbuds AR, with some of the best practices that were taught in class implimenting hotspots and adding hover effect as well as onclick event on them with the help of javascript. best practices of array is implimented in the project.
 
# Overview

1. Took the exported AR object and code created in MMED-1058, and integrate it
into the promo site.
2. Used a combination of CSS3, Javascript and the GreenSock library to animate
the hotspots and display information.
3. Use an array or object or combination of both to store and retrieve the data for
the hotspots - you must include an image of some kind.


# version / history
1.0 - Pulled out code and the AR obejct, Implimented basic folder structure practice that were taught in the class, set up the sass and js at the initial phase
2.0 - fixed issues in js, added an array in the function clickhotspot to store the data from info box var. and then to give us when we click on it.
3.0 - responsive for mobile, tablet and desktop

# how to use
1. Clone the repo / Download the files
2. Load it in your system
3. Run it with Vscode and open the live server. Have fun


# License 
MIT

# special Thanks
Professor Marco De Luca 
(co-ordinator of IDP at Fanshawe School Of Digital and Performing Arts)

Commit message:

readme changes
Added the creator section added the change that I did for image

README.md, after:

![BOOT CAMP](images/image-for-readme.png)

# Ear_buds_Submission_1
 
Earbuds Sbmission 1 is all about to make our 3D earbuds AR, with some of the best practices that were taught in class implimenting hotspots and adding hover effect as well as onclick event on them with the help of javascript. best practices of array is implimented in the project.
 
# Overview

1. Took the exported AR object and code created in MMED-1058, and integrate it
into the promo site.
2. Used a combination of CSS3, Javascript and the GreenSock library to animate
the hotspots and display information.
3. Use an array or object or combination of both to store and retrieve the data for
the hotspots, Implimeted a red-line image to add the elemet of the logo.


# version / history
1.0 - Pulled out code and the AR obejct, Implimented basic folder structure practice that were taught in the class, set up the sass and js at the initial phase
2.0 - fixed issues in js, added an array in the function loadinfo to store the data from info box var. and then to give us when we click on it.
3.0 - responsive for mobile, tablet and desktop

# how to use
1. Clone the repo / Download the files
2. Load it in your system
3. Run it with Vscode and open the live server. Have fun


# License 
MIT

# Special Thanks
Professor Marco De Luca 
(co-ordinator of IDP at Fanshawe School Of Digital and Performing Arts)

# Creator

Dev Pandya (Dev1ce)
